the country is waking up after a very
long
night it wasn't really a surprise uh the
country was sort of waiting for that to
happen there had been warnings from the
Israeli authorities as well and here in
Jerusalem we heard the aate alert at
around 2:00 in the morning and we you
know almost instantly heard loud
explosions indicating that air defense
systems had been activated and again the
Israeli authorities saying that 99% of
the missiles and drones that were fired
by uh Iran were intercepted this was an
unprecedented attack for the first time
ever Iran uh launched an attack a direct
attack on Israeli territory so this is a
very dangerous moment here uh but I
think there have been some efforts
already to try to deescalate tensions
and perhaps the Americans telling the
Israelis that do they do not support the
idea of an Israeli retaliation